enable-tls-for-mysql-client: add tiproxy (#2957)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/enable-tls-for-mysql-client.md

+-----------------------+--------------------------+
2 rows in set (0.011 sec)
```

## TiProxy

When using TiProxy in front of a set of TiDB servers you also need to configure TLS for it. Depending on the `TiProxyCertLayout` a different certificate layout is chosen:

- not set: the legacy layout.
- `v1`: the version one of the layout (recommended).

The following are TLS settings for these components of TiProxy:

- `security.cluster-tls`: used to interface with other hosts in the cluster both as server and client (mTLS).
- `security.server-tls`: used for serving MySQL protocol access on port 6000.

> - `security.sql-tls`: used to access TiDB as a client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `security.sql-tls`: used by TiProxy to access the SQL port of TiDB.
```
